http://www.somethingswanky.com/basically-perfect-bread-dough/

Ingredients

2 1/2 cups warm water
2 tbsp instant yeast
1/2 cup honey
6 cups all-purpose flour (half wheat works ok too)
1 tbsp salt
3 tbsp non-fat dry milk



Instructions

Start by sprinkling 2 tablespoons of yeast over 2 1/2 cups of warm water– think of warm bath water, 
and it should be about perfect. I like to proof the yeast in a 4-cup measuring cup. It make it easier 
to measure out the honey.
Drizzle the honey over the yeast until the water level reaches the 3 cup mark (a cheat to measuring 
the honey without the hassle of measuring it in a separate cup). This will gently push the yeast below
the water, aiding in its activation.
Let the yeast rest for about 5 minutes. You’ll know it’s ready when everything looks nice and foamy.
Meanwhile, add the flour, salt, and dry milk to your stand mixer and attach the bread hook.
Pour the yeast water into the stand mixer with the flour, salt, and dry milk (you’ll have to scrape 
to get all of the honey out). Knead until dough starts to form, and then another 6 minutes beyond that. 
You can also do this part with a wooden spoon and your hands, but I really love using my stand mixer for this.
Use well floured hands (and sometimes a pinch or two of flour into the bowl if you feel like the dough 
is still too sticky) and work the dough into a ball.
Lift the dough and give it a quick spray of non-stick cooking spray underneath and around the sides of 
the bowl. Replace the dough, cover with plastic wrap or a towel, and let rise in a warm place until
doubled in size.
Punch the dough down and divide it into two even portions. Form each into a loaf shape and place the 
loaves into parchment lined (or lightly greased) bread loaf pans.
COVER AND LET RISE A SECOND TIME, UNTIL DOUBLED IN SIZE (sooooooo important!)
Bake at 365 degrees F for 27-30 minutes (mine is usually done at the 26-27 mark). Over-baking will 
dry out the bread.
Let cool for 10 minutes before removing to counter top (do not let cool completely in loaf pan or 
the bottom will become soggy).
Makes approximately 20 slices (2 loaves)
